c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll.config
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll.config
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
C:\Users\nguye\Downloads\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll.config
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll.config
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\New folder (2)\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll.config
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
D:\NguyenTrongDuong\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll.config
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
F:\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll.config
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
C:\Users\PC\source\repos\CCPM\GiaLaiHotel\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
